good afternoon dear friends from the new
release and yak knock off and news digest you
learn about the new operating system
google android m on hobby apple
augmented reality
control of smart watches through
gestures about using watches as
cloud storage
and also about the learning robot himself
google has introduced a new version
OS android which will be available
sometime this fall she figures
as android m
The new version of android will bring a lot
various improvements and optimization
google implemented native in android m
support for fingerprint scanners
principle manufacturers already have enough
long time do it yourself but
now it will be easier for them
android m will allow users
manage issued third-party
application rights if now when
installation program, users can
only agree to the terms
developers in the new version of os can
For example, it will prohibit certain
the offer will be accessed by the book
contacts or camera unit new
OS version received support for port yusb
tipe s it will allow example to manage
google charge direction in the next
times promises to optimize
power systems smartphones
based on your sensors and
the sensors will determine what the device is
for quite a while no one
enjoys
and translates some services into
economy modes in the new system
there will be a very useful feature of the shelter
custom tabs its essence lies in
that when getting internal links in
any application it will be
not run in the browser but in the
application through the built in
its crown module supporting many
full browser features including
auto complete
For example, if the client network twitter
the external link will come to the user
clicking on it will not lead to
client minimization and launch
full crown browser instead
the client himself will open an autonomous page
all standard
browser capabilities make it easy and
will speed up work with applications along with
android m search giant launches
new payment system android pay it
works in a similar way
competitor using the nfc model and
allowing you to bind to your account
android drink a plastic card
encryption is naturally used
transmitted data does not contain
bank card information from
other innovations can be noted service
google photos which is now free
provides unlimited volume for
store photos and video function let
Rickshaw is a simple way to share
by any content through
or other application owners
smartphone nexus 5 nexus 6 tablet
nexus 9 and media player nexus player already
now have the ability to download and
install preview version
android l developer preview
designed for developers
Apple has acquired the company Met.
created as a volkswagen project in 2003
year to me and and specializes
on developments in the field of augmented
reality she has a community
developers about a thousand customers
and 150 thousand users in 30
Worldwide , the company has experience
cooperation with famous
manufacturers for example with ferrari
why apple needed company I throw
one can only guess at
apple have plans to add
augmented reality applications in their
products about two years ago was
mimo device is presented
which allowed to manage different
electronics through motions
fingers and forearms like
technology used and the creators
device aria
it also allows you to manage
electronics through a variety of
gestures and movements but if in the case of media
it was necessary to decide what
drive through this bracelet
Aria is aimed at quite specific
device and scripts talking about smart
the watch area is attached to the watch strap and
allows you to control them without touching
to display
pairing with the clock occurs
via bluetooth and the device itself
does not have its own battery
at the moment I am able to work with
hours pebble time and miss decision
android
p company revolt came up
alternative use case
smart watches that may be of interest
potential buyers
developers suggest using
your watches instead of cloud storage for
user information for these
goals revolt watches are equipped with flash memory
32 or 128 gigabyte clock
equipped with a display and a half
inch resolution of 240 by 240 pixels
which covers the glass gorilla glass
3 and also can boast
metal case and water protection
battery charge should be enough for
three days of battery life
another watch feature is the ability
wear them as a pendant or just
keychain at the moment developers
raise money for a project on the site
indigo angle per version with thirty two
gigabytes of memory asking for 200 dollars
while the modification with 128 gigabytes
will cost $ 300 supplies must
start next january in
University of California Barkley
created a robot nonsense that uses
deep learning algorithms based on
neural network to master new for
self action learning opportunity
nonsense like a child who
acquires skills by trial and error
can theoretically be completely excluded from
the operation of the robot writing
new code is enough to set the task
which he is physically able to solve and
give enough time to solve it
sorry unlike human nonsense not
able to take into account previous experience
which does not allow to learn over time
faster however the project participants are full
optimism
they count substantially
improve technology
self study in the coming years
it was the most interesting news
last week
stay with us subscribe to our
channel